h1. Bubble Cloud Timeline Example

Demo of a word bubble cloud - hooked up to a timeline slider to change its contents.

For more info, check out the tutorial on "vallandingham.me":http://vallandingham.me/

h2. Usage

h3. First Clone the Repository

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:vlandham/bubble_cloud_timeline.git
cd bubble_cloud_timeline
</pre>

h3. Remove Google Analytics Code

To make things easy on myself, This is the same code that is used to
power the live demo. As a consequence, my GA code is in there.

If you could be a nice person and remove or change that in your version,
I'd appreciate it.

Should be a script block around line @70@.

h3. View Demo

Because of how D3 handles importing data, this tutorial should be viewed using a local webserver to serve the pages.

h4. Python webserver

You can start up a local webserver by using python's built-in simple server:

*For Python 2.xx*

<pre>
python -m SimpleHTTPServer -p 3000
</pre>

*For Python 3.xx*

<pre>
python -m http.server
</pre>

*This assumes you have Python availible from the command line.*

On Windows, you will need to install Python. "Here is one tutorial for that":http://www.anthonydebarros.com/2011/10/15/setting-up-python-in-windows-7/

h4. Ruby webserver

The @thin@ webserver, a ruby gem, can also be used:

<pre>
thin start
# might have to run 'bundle install' first
</pre>

Now go to "http://0.0.0.0:3000":http://0.0.0.0:3000/

and you have a basic visualization

h2. License

Released under the MIT license:

"www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT

